alright so now what we did is we plugged
up the hdmi at the back of it as you can
see here hdmi power cable that's all you
really need comes on you'll see this
blue light I'm trying to use my phone
for a little more light there's a blue
light there come on put your HD USB up
front now in the back take the hdmi cord
I know I got a mess bucket take your
HDMI cord for your system ps4 plug it up
to the input that you want it to to go
to all right at you got to make sure
your TV is on the right input also there
we go
first thing you do set up your
controller son rival the hdmi cord your
controllers in press the PS and button
lish and in that connection i'm a skip
this part cuz i don't want your unknown
my internet ID use Wi-Fi or land we're
just going to use Wi-Fi now internet
should be connecting as on if you type
the right pass or just going to be
connecting if you didn't it's going to
probably tell you air or whatever I
don't have a camera we're going to skip
that we probably not going to get a
camera then time 815 and it is 1am
exactly actually accept terms
conditions because we are too lazy to
read them of your ps4 is complete enjoy
an exciting world of entertainment start
now important health and safety warnings
and the safety in the settings menu
become you have to ps4 home screen
response time on this controller almost
good to be true it's extremely fast it's
almost no um tagging the response time
it's almost perfect like truthfully it
feels perfect unnoticeable right see I
think profile update everything when you
get on it so make sure you got your
internet ready for that one that's how
you set up peaceful see you guys later
peace